_
I know what you did.
Sent Wes, LeSean, and them
to give Taylor a beat down.
I never told them to do anything.
That's why he came back with the gun.
Becca sold drugs to
the kid who shot Wes.
- Who do we call?
- We're not calling anybody.
We can't hide this.
They want my resignation?
When a tragedy like this happens, of
course there's gonna be a transition.
If you tell me to,
there are things that I could
find out about that school.
My son's not crazy. He's not a killer.
H-He was... He was
pushed to do something.
I need people to understand that.
Tell my mom it's over.
She should move on.
She's not gonna do that, you know?
She'll listen to you.
But why would I deliver that message?
She needs to hear it from somebody.
My whole life's been nothing
but a problem for her.
She would be way better off
if I'd never been born.
- That's self-pity.
- No, that's how it is.
Every extra thing she's
had to do for me,
to give up because of me...
Having things wouldn't
have made her life better.
All I'm doing... I'm
taking responsibility.
You can't take responsibility
for your mother's choices.
I'm taking it for my own.
- For stealing the gun?
- Yeah.
For shooting the boy?
Responsibility and guilty
are closely linked here.
Do you feel guilty about this incident?
What I feel...
Do you feel guilty about anything else?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You know how, um...
my mom gave me up once?
I know why she did,
but I, um, never really got it.
Now I do.
It's hard, but if you
care about someone,
you don't want to drag
them down with you.
You got to... You got to let go.
How are you going to do this?
Just tell her I get it.
What did he say?
He says he gets it.
He's giving up.
He's trying to be brave.
That's not brave.
Not talking to me, not
talking to a lawyer...
That's just gonna put him in jail.
Taylor's not a shooter.
Taylor's not just a shooter.
People need to know that.
- sync and corrections by Caio -
- www.addic7ed.com -
We're hungry, Daddy.
We're gonna get some pizza.
Just give me one minute, hon, all right?
What are you doing?
I told you I was helping people.
Daddy's helping.
What is it?
Here. Come here.
See that?
That's... That's justice.
Want something to eat?
No.
You got time.
I'm good.
They reopened that school too soon.
Just got to get back to normal.
That's all.
They're kids.
They had a classmate that
was killed on campus.
Doing algebra doesn't
make things "normal."
I don't feel well.
I'm not going to school today.
Oh, yes, you are.
But I don't feel well.
You're going to school.
Now, get dressed.
We're leaving in five minutes.
Go.
You know, you don't even
know if she's sick.
She's not.
You're just making her go to school.
Look, we're living our lives.
We just... We got... We got
to go about our business.
You're torturing her.
What do you think jail is?
Hey, look, I know you feel guilty.
I know...
I know you don't know what's
the right thing to do.
What's the alternative? That's what we
got to think about... the alternative.
And we got to show Becca
that we're working
together to protect her.
Now, I'm gonna take her to school,
and I'll check in on her all day.
Come on, Becca! Let's go!
Hello?
Sebastian. It's Anne.
Thank you.
Yeah, you're welcome.
Hey, something's not right.
All right, something happened.
I'm hearing you, Wes,
and a bunch of others,
uh, jumped Taylor.
- Who's saying stuff?
- It doesn't matter who.
Did you beat him up?
Yeah.
Are you for real, man? That's...
That's why he came back?
Wes is dead because you went at Taylor.
You realize that.
Dude, we did what you told us to.
What I told... I never told you a...
I never told you a thing.
What are you...
You sat there talking
about how bitches need to act correct
and how bitches can get handled.
So, yeah. We handled it for you.
I mean... I mean... I
mean, the boy was crazy.
He had something against this whole team
since way back when, so
he was gonna get a gun,
and he was gonna do what he
was gonna do no matter what.
Wes is dead.
Man, look. Look!
He's gone, man.
He's dead. He's not coming back, man.
That don't mean nothing to you?
Man, we did it for you.
For you.
For me?
So you just need to chill, all right?
Leave it alone.
For me.
Just for me, hmm?
I shouldn't care as much as I do.
I know that, but I can't... not care
even when I know it
doesn't make any sense.
Sometimes, giving yourself a new start
in the wake of a trauma is
the smartest thing to do.
There is a difference
between walking away
and getting shoved aside.
I was in a system that
made the mistakes,
but the board wants to put
those mistakes on me.
They want me to...
sink with them to the bottom of a river.
I tried to do good
things with my position,
and for them to use that
as an excuse to get rid of me, I...
Giving in is just
admitting they're right.
I'm a lawyer.
I can only give you legal advice.
That's what I'm asking.
I'm asking legal advice.
Have you spoken to anyone
since the shooting?
About what?
About the shooting.
About how you might be feeling
under the circumstances.
How I feel is like I'm
being scapegoated,
and what I'm asking is your help
in doing something about it.
Look, if that boy had shot me,
what would I have died for?
If it was something of merit,
then I need to make sure
that something survives.
This is...
This is me dealing.
My advice, legal or otherwise...
Settle for a good exit package
and move on with your life.
- ¿El muchacho te tocó?
- Sí.
¿El Señor Dixon sobre lo que pasó?
No.
¿Por qué no le dijiste a alguien?
Vi lo que le pasó a mi amigo.
A nadie le importo, y
las cosas empeoraron,
así que...
Yo no iba a decir nada.
All right, let's take two.
Two out! Two out!
Come on! Come on!
Go!
Let's go. Come on, D.
- There you go.
- Right, right, right, right.
- Quit fouling me. Quit pushing in.
- Quit fouling me!
- All right, shake it off.
- You can't guard me without fouling me!
- Shake it off. Shake it off.
I want to see some passing, now.
Come on, find your teammate.
Give me the... Give me the ball.
Let's go. Pass it now.
- And one.
- Do the play.
- And one!
- You can't do the play.
Switch out. Switch out. Switch out.
Stop, all right? Enough. Shake it off.
Let's go.
Off, off! Come on. Let's
circle the wagon.
Circle the wagon. Circle the wagon.
Here we go.
Hey.
Hey, hey!
- Get off me.
- Get up off me, gay boy!
- What'd you say?
- You heard me!
- Hey, hey, hey.
- You can get this, too!
- It ain't your fight.
- I don't need this.
I don't need y'all. To hell with y'all!
Come on, man. We're all
backing the same team.
Eric!
Hey. Where you going?
I'm out.
If you leave, you're done.
You think I care?
Oh, come on. LeSean was a dumbass.
Oh, I don't give a... about him.
There's nothing here.
This team is a joke.
The... team is a joke.
This whole joint is just... It's...
It's like a show that
rich people put on.
They can act how they want
and say what they want,
but it's not real.
This isn't real to you?
You walk away, think you can
tell me none of this is real?
You...
You... You don't know
what it's costing me
to make this team work.
And you see me asking?
This is my life you're talking about.
Mike, it's Leslie.
Leslie, we've got a problem.
Yeah.
It's serious.
The school servers have been hacked.
- They've been...
- Documents have been posted online.
- What kind of documents?
- E-mails, internal memos
relating to the whole
Taylor Blaine incident.
- Where?
- They're on a TOR server,
and it's already flying
around social media.
- Have you called our I.T. manager?
- I called you.
What's been posted is pretty ugly.
- It makes the school look...
- Let's not discuss this on the phone.
Let's meet face-to-face right away.
- VonnerTech.
- This is Jake Marston.
Jake, it's Leslie Graham
from The Leyland School.
I have just been told we've been hit
with some kind of cyber attack.
I need you to close the firewall,
shut down the server, and
deny access system-wide.
I'm here. It's done.
Review the server access logs.
Find out which accounts have
been accessing the data.
Yeah, we're gonna scan the servers.
We need to do a full breach review.
Find out exactly what was compromised
and let me know.
Jake, call me first.
What happened?
Hey.
W-What's going on?
A fight... The basketball team,
they're fighting each other.
Something's going on,
and Dan's not doing anything about it.
Or... Or he won't do anything.
Okay, I'll take care of it.
No, don't.
Well, if it's a problem,
I will handle it.
Michael, we can't just
handle things anymore.
His friend is dead,
and acting like we can buy our
way into making that bet...
We just need to talk to Kevin.
We can talk to him all day long.
We need to get him to
start talking to us.
Hey. You got a minute?
I'm in the middle of some things.
I-I just need a minute.
Dr. Lewis says you're going to
make a statement at my review.
Yes.
Is there anything in particular
you're going to talk about?
That's for the board.
Dr. Lewis keeps telling
me this review is, uh...
It's just standard.
They're just going to tick
some boxes, and that's that.
If that's what she's telling you...
If... If... If there's any other
thing I'm being set up for,
I would really appreciate
it if you'd let me know.
I don't want to be caught off-guard.
I mean, I-I'm asking you.
Please.
What happened in that fight
between Mateo and the
black student... Tre?
Mateo got a three-day suspension
for attacking Tre... by the book.
And nothing for Tre?
Tre was the victim.
You wanted to do what was
right for the victim.
Yes.
You know, I do outreach
with Hispanic students.
One of the young girls I
see is Evy Dominguez.
She told me Tre not only bullied her
and used racial slurs,
but also touched her...
aggressively.
That's sexual assault.
She didn't... She didn't
say anything to me.
Did you ever follow up with her?
I've got nearly 2,000 students, Monica.
I can't follow up on every one of them.
Mateo told you what happened.
He told you Evy was being harassed.
He didn't tell me about
her being touched.
When you broke up the fight,
Mateo called Tre the "N" word.
Maybe after that, you didn't
want to hear anything else.
Look, I think you're a good person,
I really do, but you got it wrong,
and a lot of people got hurt.
I think you need to go into
that review, admit fault,
and admit to your own bias.
- Say I'm a racist?
- Say you made a mistake.
It's not true.
There is truth in it.
There is.
You can be rigid and deny,
or you can bend a little
and keep your job.
If that lets you keep doing
the things that are important
to you, just bend, Chris.
I wasn't wrong.
I didn't know what happened to Evy.
I can't solve a problem
if a student won't say anything to me.
Well, she said something to me.
What does that tell you?
Mia, Mercy, Daddy's gonna
get you something to eat.
Daddy's gonna go for a little bit.
The reality is, the damage is done.
The school looks culpable and complicit.
Well, w-w-we'll fight this.
Fight it how? The
information's out there.
From here on in, it's
just water torture...
leak by leak.
The board looks reprehensible.
You know, I-I-I look at
all this, and you...
You have managed to keep
yourself out of the dirt.
This is a moment for very
difficult decisions.
You've been the school's
strongest supporter and advocate.
For the school's sake, one more time,
you're going to have to be a leader.
Y-You want me to... to resign?
More than that...
Other members were implicated, as well.
We need to dissolve the entire board
and appoint a trustee
for an interim period.
For the sake of continuity, I
will stay on as headmaster.
W-W-Wait a minute, though...
It's important for the donors
and the families to know
- that although changes are coming...
- You were part of this at every step.
As you noted, Dr. Graham comes across
as unsoiled on the record.
Officially, she lobbied for transparency
with the authorities,
counseling and assistance
for the alleged victim,
and inclusion of an openly gay athlete
on his return to school.
I've put together a transition plan
which I've already distributed
to the parents, donors...
and the press.
Retired Senator Robert Butler
has agreed to act as trustee
and fiduciary caretaker.
He's a respected alumnus,
and the hope is his presence
will calm everyone,
including law enforcement and
state athletic officials.
You must really be taking some
pleasure in this right now.
Change is here because
a student is dead.
You really think that's pleasurable?
- That's not what I meant.
- I know, but the problem is
you and the board consistently
say stupid things.
I simply wasn't stupid.
They're okay alone like that?
Yeah, they're fine.
Yeah, it's easier than
finding a babysitter.
It's a little creepy.
Just a little bit.
Single dad making do.
I mean... you know?
I-It's all good.
Do you work with computers?
Yeah, you ever have anybody
say stuff about you online...
nasty stuff?
People say stuff all the time.
How does that make you feel?
Makes you feel helpless?
When stuff like that happens,
I do something about it.
Like what?
Everybody got things, you know?
Stuff they just want to keep hid,
except it's not hid.
It's... It's on their hard drive,
or it's in an e-mail somewhere.
You hack people?
Isn't that against the law?
Who's to decide that?
Used to be against the
law for blacks to vote.
Gay... Gays couldn't get married.
Okay, that's... that's
not the same thing.
You have my information.
What are you gonna do, hack me one day?
No. You don't get it.
You got all your information online.
You don't know how vulnerable you are.
It's people like me... We're
the ones who protect you.
This information coming out,
it's good for us, right?
That relates to your son's
allegation on sexual assault.
It doesn't really have any
bearing on the shooting.
But they... T-The school forced Taylor
into a bad emotional space.
They did nothing.
They did everything to make us go away.
Taylor got a gun and shot a boy.
I thought you said we needed
to change the narrative.
The facts are the facts.
The best we can hope for
is that he's charged
with involuntary manslaughter,
that it's an accidental killing.
And then we...
That's where we need help,
is in the sentencing phase.
If we can show mitigating
circumstances there...
state of mind or emotional distress...
Taylor might get off lightly,
maybe a 10-year sentence,
and he'll serve half that.
Or he could be institutionalized.
If we can't?
Then...
Just say it.
25, 30 years.
Sebastian, it's Anne. I
talked to my lawyer.
That stuff you put online,
I-it's not doing any good.
Now they know what kind of school it is.
Doesn't help with the shooting.
I need something else.
I-I need more things.
I need... I need something else.
Okay.
I-It has to be more.
You understand?
There's gonna be more. That...
That's just how it starts.
Okay.
The boys are spinning out.
They're lost and bitter,
and I can't help them.
Well, you've done more for
them than they deserve.
And...
I'm telling Eric that, uh...
the school, the team, they're my life.
My family is my life.
And I'm fighting for every part of it.
And that kid, he...
he just stares at me
like he doesn't get it.
Like... Like what matters to me...
doesn't matter.
And, uh... And, y-you know...
you see that in somebody...
It's ugly.
It, uh...
It really hurts.
Anne.
I'm Steph Sullivan, Dan Sullivan's wife.
Where did you get these?
Oh, I take photos for the school.
I-I just thought you'd like them.
Why would I want these?
They're your son.
They're pictures. I have a son.
He's in jail.
Your husband said some very
hurtful things about him.
I don't know what happened
the night of that party
with your son and that other boy.
I know.
I don't.
But I know that...
kids have been hurt.
And it's got to stop.
You know that your son was on drugs
at the time of the shooting.
From what I understand,
Taylor still hasn't said
where he got the drugs from.
Do you know?
My... My husband doesn't
know that I'm here.
I just wanted to talk to you, just...
just one mother to another.
See, our daughter, she's...
she's just like your son.
At... At heart, she's
such a good person.
Your... Your daughter gave him drugs?
She sold drugs to him.
Your daughter messed up my son,
and you want what?
I want you to talk to Taylor
and help me to keep her
from being arrested.
Why would I do that?
It wasn't her fault.
She got them from me.
So you're an addict?
Is that what this is?
It was just marijuana.
They're drugs.
You want to be responsible,
go to the police.
No, I'm trying to protect my daughter,
and you understand that.
I know that you do.
Please leave.
No, I-I'll beg you. Do
you want me to beg?
Get out of my house.
If you force us to, to protect Becca,
she'll testify that she
sold drugs to Taylor
the night of the party and
that he lied to the police
about being drugged by
one of the players.
- That's not true.
- I don't know what's true.
But I know what I'll say.
Chris.
After much thought and reflection,
I see that I was wrong.
I see that I could have
handled the situation
with Mateo Alvarez better, sooner,
and with more sensitivity.
What I did not know at the time
was that the altercation
was not instigated merely
because a male student was
flirting with a female student,
but because that male student had...
had touched a female in
an inappropriate manner.
I believe my judgment was influenced
by the fact that I could not look past
a racial slur directed
by Mateo towards blacks.
Mateo's actions were unwarranted,
but as an administrator,
it was my responsibility
to be more thorough.
I would like the board to know
that I understand my mistakes and...
...and my biases
and will adjust my
responses in the future.
Thank you for that
statement, Principal Dixon.
We appreciate your candor.
We'd like to ask you...
How long was Taylor Blaine
in attendance at Marshall
before he shot another student
at The Leyland School?
I think...
I-I'm not certain. Um...
I can check my records, but I
think it was about a month.
During that period, you were
aware of his situation?
I-I was aware from his mother
that Taylor was involved in
the allegations of assault
at Leyland.
You knew that he was
involved in an assault.
You knew that he had
mental-health issues.
I-I didn't know he had mental-health...
What was your follow-up?
I did not know that he had
mental-health issues.
His mother spoke to you.
You didn't get him into
regular counseling?
What counseling?
You all have cut my budget.
I have one counselor for
almost 2,000 students.
I can't get them all through
mental-health evaluations,
and even if I could, we
can't do regular follow-up.
Did you consider Taylor
Blaine's case extraordinary?
No.
I-I was concerned,
but at the time, as I said...
Leslie Graham, the head of The Leyland
School, gave a statement to the police
that you personally came to visit her
- regarding Taylor Blaine.
- Yes, yes, I-I did.
2,000 students... You
claim you don't have...
T-that's not a claim.
...the budget to follow
up on all of them,
and yet you personally
follow up on Taylor Blaine.
What made him special?
Was it the fact that he's white?
His race didn't matter to me.
You just stood there and admitted bias.
How are you going to say
race doesn't matter?
I really appreciate that you
were willing to be honest and...
Good. Okay.
I've got your appreciation.
Look...
I-I'm not mad at you.
I'm just whipped.
I go in there ready to crawl,
and they hit me up
over something that happened at Leyland.
Nobody cares what blacks and
Hispanics do to each other
- at a public school.
- I care.
But you're on your way out the door.
So what does that matter?
You're a smart man at a
school in transition.
You could have used this situation.
- "Used"?
- For your agenda.
I didn't have one.
Funding for classes,
teachers, counseling...
You didn't want any of that?
Everybody's got an agenda.
Me getting pushed aside... Was
that part of your agenda?
Peter.
Hey.
I need you to come get me.
Are you okay?
It's Mom.
She keeps talking about you
and talking about Dad...
how we're gonna go away and
things are gonna be better.
It's not better.
We don't have any more money.
She spent it all already.
I want to come home.
Why'd you take Peter?
I didn't take him.
He's my son. He needed to be with me.
It just wasn't working.
He got scared of being away from home,
scared of me.
I-I just got tired of it.
Bringing him back seemed
like the best thing.
You gave up.
Your father's got custody.
I wasn't supposed to have Peter anyway.
You were supposed to be here with us.
You gave up on that, too.
You don't know how hard it is...
Having a gay son?
Having all the people at
church whispering about me?
Must be so hard.
This isn't the life I wanted.
I didn't choose this.
But I...
I deal with it.
How do you deal with it?
I see how you act tough all the time.
How you talk about women so
people won't think you're...
You did whatever you did
to that boy at that party.
Curt told me about those random...
dates you go on.
That how you deal with your life?
So I got all that from you.
I got an ex-husband who's nearly broke.
I got no job. I just wanted...
I just...
I just wanted one of my kids.
I don't even have that.
Mom.
I didn't think I was
gonna see you again.
I needed to.
Because?
I need you to tell the truth.
I did.
I do care about you.
I never wanted to...
That's not what I'm talking about.
I don't care about that.
What happened the night of the party?
You lied about being gay.
You lied about taking drugs,
and those texts and e-mails.
I heard you took a
settlement from Leyland.
Y-Yeah, I did.
I took money for my mom and for my dad.
You were protecting your family.
You don't have to defend it.
It's not even about my parents.
It just got the point
where somebody comes along and says...
"That boyfriend who lies to you"...
..."That boyfriend you
keep covering up for"...
"That boyfriend who treats you like..."
"All you got to do is
step back and get paid."
So, I got paid.
I'm taking care of me.
So, what really happened that night?
If you need to know...
...he did it.
I lied a-about a lot, but not that.
What's gonna happen to you now?
I thought you were done with me.
I know you don't care,
but I just went through my own stuff.
Had nobody who'd listen to me.
Couldn't dump it on my parents.
But I found one person who believed me.
Well...
I'm all out of people who believe me.
That's the thing...
I believed in myself.
Mom, I know some things.
About?
I know why Wes got shot.
But I don't know what to do, you know?
You tell me the truth.
That's what you do.
Tell the truth.
It was LeSean who told me.
So, I guess him, Wes,
and a couple of others,
they found Taylor Blaine and
they got physical with him.
They beat him?
Yeah.
Trying to teach him to
be correct, I guess.
Why did they feel they had
to teach him anything?
We were out after a game
one night, and I...
I just kind of went off on him,
you know, on how he's a bitch
and how somebody needed
to put him in his place,
but I never said go beat anybody...
ever.
I just wasn't...
It's the truth. I know it is.
And if it comes to it,
he'll testify to that.
Yeah.
I need to...
I just have to figure out the
best way to handle this.
Yeah, c-can we get a minute?
I-I-I'll be out.
Yeah, just give us a minute.
What do we do?
Could turn it over for investigation.
But people's trust on
any of this, it's done.
Your son implicates himself,
and nobody's gonna care
if he meant what he said
or if he was just thinking out loud.
Kevin confessed.
He got it out.
Probably be good if it ended with that.
I know there are people who think
the kind of stuff I do... It's...
It's against the law. It's...
It's criminal.
Yeah, technically.
But I'm a white hat...
hacking for justice.
What's your relationship
to Taylor Blaine?
I got no relationship.
I followed the case in the media,
and I could see that this kid
and his single mom were
getting railroaded.
That school needed to be called
on it and held accountable.
Know what I'm saying?
You see, that first round,
that was just a warning.
Now things are gonna get serious.
Serious how?
Further devastation for
The Leyland School...
exposing individuals for who
they are and what they did.
Justice for Taylor Blaine.
I told my girls I was
gonna do great things,
and I'm gonna do them.
Yeah.
Pay attention.
You're gonna know me.
Financial and legal repercussions
from the online breach
could be catastrophic.
They expose the school
to potential lawsuits
and jeopardize not only the future
of the school's capital campaign,
but actually threaten the
money we have in hand.
Unless we take immediate action,
The Leyland School is in danger
of having to close its doors.
To mitigate the damages and
to show the wider community
that we understand the breadth
and depth of our missteps,
I advise this board to
vote to dissolve itself,
according to Section 4B,
Paragraph 7 of the Bylaws.
Upon dissolution, the school will go
into receivership under
the care of a trustee
who will oversee all financial matters
under my continuing guidance.
Do I hear a motion to dissolve
the Board of Directors
of The Leyland School
and adopt the Transition
Plan as outlined?
I so move.
Seconded.
All in favor, raise your hand.
Against?
This board is hereby dissolved.
- sync and corrections by Caio -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org